---
layout: post
title:  "英文系列"
date:   2000-01-05 00:00:00 +8000
categories: English
---

按：我当年竟敢写这种东西向外网投稿，脸皮真不是一般的厚。

# Superheroes Saga

所谓Superman其实应该是Flash，而Hollowman则应该是Invisible Man。

# The Ghost Lady

这个故事是舍友纪凯做的一个梦，真人真事。

# Programmer and Streetwalker

我忘了当初是英翻中还是中翻英了，也有可能部分内容是原创的。

# The Call

2001年的时候听过一阵子后街男孩，Black and Blue的第一首The Call没有歌词，我就听写了一番，正确率低得发指。不过老实说，就算现在让我听写歌词，结果应该也不怎么样。

# Mark of the Wolves

SNK游戏“饿狼·狼之印记”的片头，应该是做Flash用的素材，后来被某傻逼弄丢了。

<hr>
2016-06-05

# Adult Jokes

## Superheroes Saga

One day Superman patrolled in the street to gaurd the city. When he flew over a tall building, he found a beautiful lady was naked, lying on the floor, with her legs spreaded. Superman soon wanted a super shoot. He flew to the lady as fast as lightning, fxxked her as fast as lightning, and flew away as fast as lightning.

Several days later, when Superman strolled through the street, he met his friend Batman. "Hey, old man," said Batman, "Do you know? Our old friend Hollowman is in hospital!" So Superman went to the hospital. A lot of gauze was swined aroung Hollowman's hip. "What's wrong?" asled Superman.

"Shit!" abused Hollowman. "A few days ago, when I turned hollow and sexed with a woman on the top of a tall building, a damned guy fxxked my anus just like he's wild!"

PS:

English is not my mother languange. So I don't know some superheroes' name exactly:

- 1. "Superman" is "Lightningman", but I don't know if "Lightningman" is the name of the hero who is as fast as lightning.
- 2. I don't know if "Hollowman" is the name of the hero that can "cloak"(from starcraft :), but accordin' from the recent movie...

Enjoy yourself, Gentleman ^^

My eml: hierophant@etang.com or hierophant@eyou.com.

*************

## The Ghost Lady

I am a university man and one day I dreamed this story (REALLY :) ----

When I got up one day, I heard my roommates crying. So I asked them the reason.

"There is a ghost lady throwing up under my bed." One of them said.

"Ghost lady!?!" I am very surprised. "But why are you all cryin'??"

"Because we are afraid that the kid is one of ours!"

^^

My eml: hierophant@etang.com or hierophant@eyou.com.

# Programmer and Streetwalker

(Just 4 fun... don't claim ^^)

01. Both are for sale.
02. Cannot work when grow old.
03. More advanced, more income.
04. Both do not live regularly. Night life is the most important. Can work til' dawn when necessary.
05. More famous, more attention.
06. Both have to do their best to quench clients' incommon desire.
07. Both need the heart of innovation.
08. Both like to get together. Many programmers form hi-tech district, while many streetwalkers form red-light district.
09. Both like to go here and there sometimes.
10. Can be neither programmer nor streetwalker when having a child.
11. Both is troubled by anti-virus...
12. Of course there are some superiors that love to produce and spread viruses.
13. One is "Micro & soft", the other is "Plug & Play".
14. Both have the same working state: be afraid of others' disturbing while working and be relaxed when have finished the job.
15. Young girls had better not be both these two work... though there are a lot of girls do.
16. Both don't wanna get married before change the job.
17. （按：空缺，全文如此）
18. Streetwalkers' working place (bed :) is programmer's yearning place.
19. The superiors of programmers usually hate Microsoft, and the superior of streetwalker... hmm... "micro"  and "soft"...
20. Both can work best when young, but when get old, programmer can become manager. Streetwalker can become manager too, while often is call "procuress".

Others: being translatin'... :)

# The Call

```
Intro

--Hello!
--Him Sieve! Stop babie! I'm sorry... Listen, I must be late and I will lose everyone... You wait for me, okay?
--Where are you?
--Shall I say it again?
--Hello!
--...
  ...
  Gonna go!

Now let me tell the story about the call that change my dust nay
Leave the forcemence now
Just to add you test may
Was about to go home that she was satnding there fuck(!?!) at me
I say "Hi"...
I gonna late this bye
Wanna go

I should say no
Someone's waiting for me...XXXXXX...

Listen babie I'm sorry
I wanna take it don't worry
I'll be late
Don't say stop and wait for me
I say I get your trouble
And by bellery
It's low, so you know
I gonna to this place right, gonna go
```

按：看不懂吧？其实歌词是这样的：

```
[Girl:] "Hello?"
[AJ:] (lot's of people talking in background)"Hi it's me what's up baby? I'm
sorry listen I'm gonna be late tonight so don't stay up and wait for me ok?"
[Girl:] "Where are you?"
[AJ:] [people get louder] "Wait wait say that again?"
[Girl:] "Hello?"
[AJ:] "You're really dropping out I think my battery must be low. Listen if you
can hear me we're goin' to a place nearby, alright? Gotta go" [click]

Let me tell you the story about the call that changed my destiny
Me and my boys went out, just to end up in misery
I was about to go home and there she was standing in front of me
Said 'Hi, I got a little place nearby
Wanna go?', I should have said 'No'
Someone's waiting for me
But I called my girl up and said

Listen Baby I'm sorry
Just wanna tell you don't worry
I will be late don't stay up and wait for me
I'll say again you're dropping out my battery is low
So you know we're goin' to a place nearby
I gotta go
```

……说实在的水平真不怎么样，所以我马上就改听Eminem了。

# Mark of the Wolves

```
Certainly, they existed.
Those blinded by ambition,
Those comsumed with vengeance.
But here, they do not exist,
Only winners,
And loser's here.
For here, the MIGHTY RULE

GAROU,
Mark of the Wolves
```